hey guys today I'm going to be talking
about how I display my Riemann's
there are many different ways to display
your remit I'm just going to talk about
the way that I find most helpful to me I
like to create scenes with miry mints if
that makes sense
so I like for them all to kind of be as
if you're looking into a little tiny
room I really like these clear plastic
cases that you can get at the Container
Store they slide apart and they're
really easy to put all your remotes in
and then just close it and it they're
really nice to work with I also have
remnants in a football display case I
find that most stores like Michaels have
display cases in the frame section for
football's basketballs those kinds of
things and they're perfect for three
minutes this way you can set up your
remix and then not worry about them
getting dusty because they're completely
contained in a box now let's talk about
accessories I have the Rilakkuma
strawberry sweets party remit and I
wanted to set it up like the picture on
the box so therefore I wanted to make a
little table and chairs for them to sit
on and also to put the food on there is
a remit display case if you have a
bakery type rement and you want to
display it that way there's also the
Rilakkuma table and chairs there are
lots of accessories that you can either
buy or make yourself I also like using
the paper cutouts that come with the
remit a lot of people don't seem to use
them but I love the added effect that it
gives to the Reedman set so for instance
for the Strawberry party Raymond I cut
out the little banners and the little
hats and I think that they're so fun and
cute once you have everything cut out
and all your furniture made then you can
start placing your pieces where you
would like them to go this is just to
get an idea of how they're gonna fit in
the box now in order to keep your rement
pieces from sliding around whenever you
move the box I'm going to be using
sticky adhesive dots now these are not
permanent they're basically like little
tape dots so they're strong enough to
hold your rima in place but if you want
to take your MN apart
put it back in the box or whatever you
want to do it's not permanent you can
always take it off later or rearrange it
or whatever you want to do this just
kind of helps set your rement pieces in
place so that they don't move also at
the Container Store they have these
little tiny cubes that you can pull
apart and use as little miniature tables
which I find helps to space everything
out and basically helps it all fit in
the little box I highly recommend using
these sots brand they have many
different sizes of adhesive dots I
really like the adhesive dots because
they're clear they're small enough for
the remnants and they're sticky enough
to hold them in place without being too
sticky then you're just going to use the
sticky dots and put all your pieces in
place once you have it set up the way
you would like to then you can close up
your box and if you want to add some
tape you can just to make it more stable
there are lots of other ways to display
your arena this is just one of them this
is the way that I like to do it if you
look on Flickr there are lots of
different people who have amazing
agreement collection so go check that
out
and I hope you guys enjoyed this video I
will be doing a remit collection
probably soon and I hope you guys enjoy
this video and I will talk to you later
bye